docs: feishu approval user guide (#621)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/administration/webhook-integration/external-approval.md

---
title: External Approval
---

Users can configure Bytebase issues to be approved by external systems. Feishu (Lark) is the only supported external systems at the moment, but stay tuned for more.

## Create Application
Users should create a custom App for obtaining the Application ID and Secret.

1. Create a Custom App at [Feishu Open Platform](https://open.feishu.cn/app).
1. Fill in App Name and Description such as Bytebase Approval.

> 1. Add [Bytebase icon](https://www.bytebase.com/_nuxt/img/logo-icon.3e0dcc1.svg) in the General info section of Credentials & Basic Info page. You can get the App ID and App Secret on the same page.

Author: Changed to https://www.bytebase.com/brand. It's sad that icon is required.

1. In the Manage scopes section of Permissions & Scopes page, add the following scopes.
    - approval:approval (View, create, update, and delete info of Approval app).
    - approval:approval:readonly (Access Approval).
    - contact:user.id:readonly (Obtain user ID via email or mobile number).
1. In the Version Management & Release page of App Release, create a Version. You can use 1.0.0 for App version and set availability to all members.
1. Ask your organization administrator to approve the custom application in [Workspace / App review](https://bytebase.feishu.cn/admin/appCenter/audit).

## Setup

1. Go to Bytebase Settings, click on IM Integration.
1. Fill in Application ID and Secret from the previous section. Click on Enable and Create button.

> 1. It's all set. Remember, the registered Bytebase account must have identity email at Feishu to receive Approvals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. It's all set. Remember, the registered Bytebase account must have an identical email at Feishu to receive Approval requests.
```
